For a hotel rated with four diamonds by AAA, one would think the Hilton Chicago would be almost like staying at a palace with royalty. The only royal thing about this hotel however is that it was a royal nightmare. I should have known from the moment I walked in with my wife that this was going to become a bigger headache than what it was worth. First off, as soon as we arrived to check in at the hotel with the clerk who couldn't be any older than nineteen or twenty, red flags started going up. The clerk was extremely rude and lazy, acting like it was a chore even getting up from texting on his cell phone. If that wasn't bad enough, the clerk pretty much ignored me while blatantly staring at my wife's breasts. She wasn't even wearing anything that could be considered skimpy as it was cold out and she was wearing a turtle neck sweater under a large fur lined coat. After diverting his atention several times we finally got our room keys. It shouldn't have been any surprise when we learned that there were no one to help us with our luggage as the clerk said they were all out on break. Okay, that was annoying, but we managed easy enough. We finally got to the third floor where our suite had been reserved for over a month and we looked forward to resting after our long trip. To our surprise, not to mention our disgust and horror, their was already a couple in what was supposed to be our room on the bed making out. It took almost a half hour between the couple in the room, the front desk, and my wife and me to get it straightened out. Apparently the night clerk didn't bother following policy as they had taken our reservation off the computer to give to their friends while leaving the printed card for the day clerk. After what could only be described as chaos, we were finally given another room on the next floor up. We were thankful when we got to it and my wife went to use the bathroom while I dropped our luggage by the beds. Hearing a clinking sound I bent down to look what one of the bags could have hit to see an empty beer bottle sticking out from under the bed. I was about to call back down to give the clerk a piece of my mind when I heard my wife cry out. There on the wall of the bathroom were several roaches crawling around and I noticed something else in the sink that almost made us leave then and there. There, in the sink and in very plain sight, was a used condom! So far we were less than thrilled about being there and we stomred back downstairs and demanded our money back. By then the desk manager had returned from where ever she went off to and talked us into taking another room, free of charge to make up for our troubles. The room itself was thankfully clean with no bugs and no trash or any other disgusting items laying around. Despite being a lot smaller and not having the promised view that our other room should have had, we decided to make due. So while my wife went to get cleaned up after our long trip I pulled my laptop out to use the so called high speed internet access. I shouldn't have even bothered as I've used dial up that went at least three times as fast as the speeds I was getting. With a quick call to the desk I was informed the person responsible for the internet was gone for the day and there was nothing that could be done for the moment. So instead of worrying about it, we went to get something to eat from the the onsite dinning area. Yet again we were met with rude people who either stared at my wife's chest or forgot half of our order. After arguing with them for what seemed like forever over not getting everything, we found that our found was not only bland, it was cold! We didn't even bother trying anything else, that was the final straw so we got our things and found another hotel. I don't know who would hire a bunch or rude employees who was barely out of high school or who couldn't clean a room, but I know that that hotel didn't deserve four diamonds unless it was in the negative. That place should be shut down because there is no way they know how to run a decent hotel.
