When I went to The James hotel in Chicago I truly expected a luxury experience exactly like what they were advertising. Gorgeous chairs, staff at the desk focusing on their job, and a clean, well decorated hotel room. Much to my, and my wallet's dismay I found quite the opposite. I arrived to the hotel late after my flight was delayed, and found the clerk reading a magazine. It must have been a fascinating article, as it took him a full minute to look up and ask if I had a reservation, or would be making one. I said I had one, and gave him the voucher I'd printed out. He checked it, and said that all the single rooms had already been rented out, he went on to say that I would have to pay extra for a two or three person room if I wished to stay the night. I grudgingly accepted the two person option as the jet lag was setting in and I desperately needed to get some sleep. The clerk offered to walk me to my room, saying I looked tired and trying to navigate the hotel would be much easier after I got some sleep. I accepted, and followed him to my new room. He carried the briefcase I had with me, but it was not apparent why at the time as I had both hands free. He ushered me into my room, setting the briefcase down inside, and said if I needed anything that the phone next to the bed would give me a direct line to room service without having to dial anything. I thanked him and closed the door. It was then that I looked around and fully saw where I was staying. What was supposedly a two person suite was two twin beds 6" apart, covered in ruffled blankets and sheets. The cleaning staff had obviously not been in here recently. A quick look around the other areas and I found the bathroom was out of toilet paper and soap, not even the complementary ones were left behind. I got ready for bed, and looked around for the TV remote, which it turned out, had no batteries in it. Instead, I just turned out the lights and rolled over, sheets and blanket turned inside out to try and find a cleaner option. In the morning I walked down to the lobby and asked to check out. I'd had enough of the hotel after one night. The clerk that morning was a cheerful blond who cheerfully asked me my room number and handed me a bill. $240 for my room, and an extra $80 with a note about a baggage service. I asked her about it, and she said if anyone carried my bags to my room for me it was filed under the baggage service. I asked if it was considered reasonable to charge $80 for carrying a suitcase to a room two floors up, and riding the elevator, and she said it was unusual, but not unheard of. She offered to change it to a "mere" $20 and handed me a slip with a phone number, name, and reason for the disagreement, saying that the manager would handle any complaints between the clerk and I after I signed it. I did so, and left, my wallet $260 lighter, and my head throbbing with a headache from lack of sleep.
