Not worth the price! I had the unfortunate experience of staying in the Hilton Homewood Suites in downtown Chicago. I stayed there with my family while we were on vacation. I wish I would have saved my money and went somewhere else. With a hotel this expensive, you think that they might throw in some bonuses your way, like complimentary parking. Not a chance. In addition to the $259 price tag, I also had to pay $30 for parking, per night. If I had stayed at the Motel 6, parking would have been free. The staff there were not very nice at all. When I registered, the lady at the counter acted like helping me was interfering with her internet chat time. She was very rude to me. Perhaps she was having a bad day or something, but I doubt it. After I arrived in my room, my key card didn't work, and I had to go back downstairs to get it fixed (once again, interrupting her precious free time with some actual work). The rooms had some nice features, like kitchen appliances and a flat screen television. I didn't go on vacation to cook though. The television didn't get very many channels, and you had to pay if you wanted to watch any of their movies (of course). I tried logging into Facebook to say hello to my friends from the hotel room, but the "complimentary" internet access was so slow that it was hardly worth using. I get a better connection at Starbucks. They offer a complimentary dinner and breakfast, but it's nothing to write home about. I've had better food at McDonald's. The food was pretty cold, and the choices are very limited. Traffic around the hotel was hideous. This hotel is downtown, and you can definitely tell. There are a bunch of one-way streets around, which makes getting in and out confusing. The room was pretty clean, but you can say that about a lot of hotels in a wide variety of price ranges. If you're looking for a hotel in Chicago, I'd say save some money and go somewhere else. I've had better stays at the Best Western and many other hotels that cost less.
