We chose the Talbott Hotel primarily for the location, but quickly discovered that the location was the only good thing about it. Although their website did a good job of selling their services and amenities, we found both severely lacking. We had mentioned to the reservationist when booking that this was to be a romantic weekend getaway for us - it was our anniversary. We asked for, and were promised, a king room. However, when we checked in, we were told by the front desk clerk that no king rooms were available. We could either take a double queen room, or pay significantly more for a suite. We took the key for our double queen room and were on our way. Upon arriving on our floor, we found a rowdy group of young girls running up and down the hallway, squealing and playing. It turns out that this hotel offers American Girl visits for the nearby store. It turns out that our romantic getaway room was in the center of a block of rooms reserved for a Girl Scout troop on an American Girl trip! We went back downstairs to request a move to another room, and were told no other double queen rooms were currently available. We explained that we were here for our anniversary, and the ambiance wasn't exactly what we were looking for. The clerk rolled her eyes and told us that she couldn't help us - they didn't have anything else. Sorry. Back upstairs we went. Tired from travel, we decided to order from room service for dinner. Our pasta, when it arrived, was barely warm and mediocre in flavor. We ate it anyway and prepared for bed. After using the bathroom, we discovered that the toilet in our room continued to cycle water after flushing. After jiggling the handle a few times and poking around in the tank, we couldn't get the water to stop running. It took three hours for a maintenance staff member to make their way up to our room to fix the problem. The next morning, after showering, I discovered the hair dryer didn't work properly. After pulling my wet hair back in a clip, we went out for the day. Upon our return, we expected to find our room made up and fresh. It hadn't been touched. We called downstairs to have someone sent up to clean it, but by the time we'd left for dinner, nobody had arrived. Our room wasn't made up that day. That night, the Girl Scouts sat in the hallway giggling and singing until well after 1am. We asked them several times to be quiet, but they didn't want to listen, and their chaperones were nowhere to be seen. We called down to the desk, and they told us "they would take care of it", but the girls continued to have their party in the hallway anyway. Nobody came to shoo them away. The next morning, I turned on the hairdryer, expecting it to work after reporting the difficulty the day before. It didn't! Stuck wearing my clip again, we checked out and made a mental note to select another hotel in the area for our next trip. This hotel had potential, but the staff doesn't care enough about your experience to allow me to recommend it to other travelers.
