Overview: --Overrated hotel in a premium location. The Great: --Location - walking distance or cheap cab ride to a ton of great restaurants, bars, and sights. The Good: --Inviting lobby, pleasant staff though a few were a bit snobby, in particular the night deskman. --Nice bathroom, comfortable bed and desk chair. The Mediocre: --Room (excluding bathroom) was underwhelming in design. --No kitchen or bar though they have limited room service from Harry Caray's across the street. --Free cocktails 5-7pm in "lounge" is right idea with wrong execution; tiny little room packed with people and a line extending out the door. --Hot water (or lack thereof) - almost every morning my shower water temperature would waver between comfortably hot to lukewarm. Pressure is pretty low. --View - mine wasn't great but apparently some of the rooms are horrible. The Bad: --Free wi-fi / ethernet has inconstant speeds and required multiple logins every day, even when my computer wasn't moved - really aggravating. Same deal for my iPhone. I also got numerous vulnerability threat warnings from my Norton Anti-virus that makes me wonder how secure it is. --No blackout curtains! I had a corner room with a huge wrap-around window and awoke to bright sunlight every morning (not to mention a near total lack of privacy at night). Never had this issue in any hotel or motel I've ever stayed at. --Noise! - the hotel is sandwiched between a few different bars and the late night cacophony of yelling, bar music, trucks, car horns, and sirens is hugely distracting well into the early hours of the morning. I had to wear ear plugs despite being on the 5th floor. --TV had crappy HD signal with out of sync audio on every channel. And the remote was useless. --In room bar had standard inflated prices but the $7 bottle of Fiji water bedside was insulting. Don't even think of opening it; there's a 7-Eleven around the corner that sells exact same bottle for a fraction of the cost. Summary: --Not recommended. Looks much nicer in the website photos than it is. Rating on Yelp is bloated by at a least a star.
