I choose the Homewood Suites in Downtown Chicago because I called them directly in search of a two bed room within walking distances of the attractions of Chicago. Well, when we arrived, it was apparent that there was chaos do to one of two elevators being out of service (which it had been since Tuesday, this was Saturday). Once we finally got to the 6th floor to check in, I figured our relaxing time had begun. Well, we got our room key and headed for the17th floor. Again, waited for an elevator but finally made it two our room. I put the key in the door it opened to the surprise of me and the family already inside the room - Yup we got double booked. The family was very nice and seemed OK with their surprise visitors. Said our apologies and went back to the elevator and waited again to head back down to the 6th floor registration to figure the mess out. We have now been at the hotel for a half hour with no room and slightly annoyed. Made it to the reservation desk and explained the situation. I did get an apology and a new room. New key in hand waited AGAIN for an elevator to bring us to the 9th floor for a new room. FINALLY got to our room only to find it was a king suite. We are a family of four including two full grown teenage boys. There was no way they were going to fit on a pull out sofa. So, REALLY annoyed now, I called the front desk and was told that were no rooms with two beds left even though I had specifically asked for two beds when I booked. It said two beds on preference on my reservation but the reservation agent assured me two beds would be available when I checked in. She went so far to but TWO BEDS on my reservation paper work. The operator said there are is only one two bed room on each floor. The only thing we got was a fold up bed that took away half the room in the living area. Now, I paid a total of 349.00 for one night for this room. We got the mess mentioned above and a breakfast out of the deal. I am pretty sure my next trip to Chicago will not include this hotel. I can tell you that we are frequent HWS/Hilton customers but this hotel will not be on our list of stops in the future.
