This review has two parts. . .I advise reading both. Chapter One: The actual hotel and staff I found the in house staff to be very friendly and accommodating. The room was nice and clean as well. I have no disagreement with any of the other reviews regarding the hotel room or the staff. This is a great location where you can walk three blocks to to the South to reach the riverfront, or a few blocks to reach the water tower to the North. Very easy (one block) walk from the subway (Red line). The morning complimentary breakfast is substantial. Not just muffins and coffee. You can have a complete breakfast here if you want. And, even the breakfast servers were really nice and efficient. I would recommend this hotel IF based solely on the physical location, the room, and the staff. Chapter Two: The nightmare I booked this room through central reservations in July for a mid-September arrival. The rate was quoted to me as $159 per night for four nights. When the confirmation was emailed to me, it was incorrect by over $300. I immediately called the hotel. They said they made the correction and emailed a new confirmation with the correct amount. I did receive the corrected confirmation email. . .All done? NO. One week later, my credit card statement arrives with the old higher amount having been charged. I called the hotel and was transferred to central reservations to resolve. When I explained the error, I was literally called a liar by the person in reservations, and told "That's not my problem. I can't help you". . . and then told that I have to pay the higher amount. Excuse ME? Now, I go back to calling the hotel manager to get some assistance. After a few left messages, I get the general manager to call me back, and discuss the issue. After taking down all of the names of people I spoke with, he assures me that he will credit the account immediately. I even get a call from someone in his accounting dept to confirm my credit card etc. . . One week later, still no credit. So, I call the general manager again. Oh, this might take up to 72 hours to process, I am told. So, please give it another week. Another week passes, still no credit. So another call to the manager. I am told now that the credit HAS been processed, and he even sends me an email confirming our "agreement" for the credit, just to appease me. Another week passes. Still, not seeing that credit that was "definitely processed" a week ago. Yet another call to the general manager on the day before I am to leave on my trip to Chicago. I told him I will be arriving, and at this point, I want to see him personally, and he can physically use my credit card to process the credit while I am there. Remember, we are now talking SIX WEEKS and this is still not resolved. I arrive at the hotel, and to make a long story short, the general manager was NEVER available to see me, nor did he make any attempts to schedule any time to see or talk with me. The only person I spoke face to face with, was the assistant general manager. He was completely unconcerned with my situation, and made the completely inappropriate statement to me of "you realize this boils down to a matter of 'he said she said'". . . WHAT???? Today, my trip is over, and I have flown back home. I STILL HAVE NOT RECEIVED THE CREDIT TO MY ACCOUNT!!! I will absolutely be reporting all of this to Hilton Corporate Customer Service, and will absolutely be disputing the entire amount at this point. Take this little adventure into consideration when dealing with this hotel.
