This was the 2nd time that we have stayed at the Hyatt Regency Chicago. The first time was far above our expectations for a $69/per night room. The rooms are very nice, and the beds are comfortable. This time we got a great rate through travelzoo @ $104/ night for a room with a view. We were aware of the $41 parking per night. The first night we got there the valet was yelling at us and said that we couldn't park they were full. We had no clue where to park at this point and had to drive around for over 45 minutes looking at closed parking garages. (It was a Saturday evening) Finally found a spot and were told that it would be $38. This was 6 blocks from the hotel. Mind you its -6 outside and we have luggage to carry too. Not very good service for a 5-star hotel. We got inside and apparently they were running a nightclub out of thier lobby, its called the harddrive. That's cool and all, yes it was very noisy but once we got to our room, it wasn't an issue. The HVAC controls to our room were broken. The first night we were ok, but by the second night it was blazing hot in there, 86 degrees. So hot we couldn't sleep. It was miserable. They sent up the "engineer" and he determined that there was definately a problem and opened our window, 24 floors up. It never did cool down enough in there we kept that window open all night. It was 5 below that night and the window being open 8" didn't help. They would not put us in another room either. At checkout, Monday morning, our bill came to $240.43 after taxes for the room. We then had a second bill in which our internet and parking was billed on for $56.65. Cool, I got my reciepts and went on our way. On Wednesday I was on my online banking checking my account, to find that Hyatt charged me $289.03 and another charge of $103.63!!! That is almost $100 more than what the reciepts from checkout say. I was furious, so I called the hotel. Nothing was resolved by my phone call, they treated me as if $100 isn't but something you wipe with. She said give it another day or two and see if the additional authorization falls off. That didn't settle well with me, but what could I do. I waited. Its Friday now. I check on my account again and the charges cleared as they should have with the correct original amounts, and they still have "authorizations" on the two incorrect amounts as well. They have charged me an additional $300!!!!!! Im so furious! and guess what... Hyatt doesn't care. They gave me the same [--] line as they did Wednesday. SAVE YOURSELF SOME HASSLE AND DON'T STAY AT THIS HOTEL UNLESS YOU HAVE EXTRA MONEY FOR THEM TO PLAY WITH.
