THE ROOM I booked a room here and was told I'd be getting a king bed. When I check in, they say they only have a queen bed room available. I protested to no avail. When I got to the room, it was really only a full size bed. So I went from from a king bed at home to a full size bed in a tiny broom closet of a room in Chicago. For the pleasure, I paid the same price as a normal king bed room. The full size bed we had was also extremely uncomfortable. I think it was lop sided because they never rotate the mattresses. We would wake up with body aches and headaches. My wife even said she lost feeling in her arms some nights. Not good. Also, the internet in the room is hard to set-up, slow to use, and inconsistent. I generally had to restart my computer at least once to get the internet to work. The internet worked one day on my iPhone and then would not log me in. It's not really worth it. ROOM SERVICE Room service was very inconsistent and nonsensical. Some mornings they would take our towels (even the ones we hung up to use again) and not replace them, other times they would replace some towels and not others. They would also come at vastly different times. HOTEL SERVICE This hotel LOVES to nickel and dime. I asked for a fridge in the room and they told me it'd be $25. No other hotel I've ever stayed in (regardless of how many stars it had) has ever charged me for a fridge in the room. Late checkout? charge. Shuttle from the airport? - nonexistent. The front deck "gold passport" people can't even figure out how to get you points. In the end I will have to call corporate and get my points for my stay (not that i plan on staying at a Hyatt property again). By the way, apparently the hotel is still undergoing changes because my mini-bar was missing. I was thinking of using it as a fridge instead of paying $25. THE HOTEL The hotel has some cool bars and a beautiful lobby area in the east tower. The west tower has some underground amenities no one uses. The bars are extremely expensive, but the drinks are tasty. The food is edible too, but I wouldn't brag about it. The hotel is not directly on the main street (Michigan), but it's not too far from it. It's right next to the boat tours and, in some rooms, has a view of the Navy Pier. Our room faced another hotel, but we could see a sliver of the pier. The hotel is walking distance from Millennium Park. It's a bit of a walk to any of the L stations though. If you want a wonderful breakfast place, go to Wildberry on Randolph st. It'll have you waiting to eat for a long time, but it's yummy! CONCLUSION I get better rooms, better beds, better service, and better amenities at a Holiday Inn Express or a Best Western. Save the money and stay elsewhere.
