What can I say... this USED to be our FAVORITE hotel in Chicago because of its location, its historic and gorgeous pool, it amazing Sunday brunch, it's relatively low price compared to comparable hotels, its exclusive benefits of the ambassador membership... All of the above has fallen disappointingly by the wayside with a resounding THUD. Let's break it down: Location: I'll concede that it's still great. Get a corner room in the Historic tower higher than the 20th floor with a view of Michigan Ave and/or the river. Its historic and gorgeous pool: Closed indefinitely! When asked when it will re-open, the hotel staff actually said, "Maybe never." Its amazing Sunday brunch: Zest is gone, and his been replaced by a very dark Michael Jordan restaurant that takes up much of the lobby and second entrance. (The lobby, by the way, used to be beautiful and open with lots of places to sit. Also no longer...). The food is very bad. Very. Bad. There are so many restaurants in this city. Do yourself a favor and go somewhere else to eat. Its relatively low price compared to comparable hotels: Based on my review of everything else. Go to the Drake, or the Peninsula. Completely worth the extra money... That, or downgrade to the Hilton and get what you expect and pay for... The InterContinental has fallen so low that you pay a higher price than the Hilton, but you get a worse experience! Its exclusive benefits of the ambassador membership: I canceled our membership after this disaster. Part of the membership includes early check-in (granted, when available)... but our room wasn't ready until 6pm. This is obviously after normal check-in. The staff was overwhelmed, and not effective or helpful. I tried to speak with the manager about our room, waited in long line to speak with someone, only to be told that my husband needed to be with me because the membership was in his name. In a nutshell. Go somewhere else. ps: Go to Argo tea next door instead of the Starbucks in the hotel. Way better food and coffee.
